superglue/README.rst, before:

SuperGLUE
=========

In this advanced tutorial, we will build an Emmental_ application to tackle the
SuperGLUE, a new benchmark styled after GLUE with a new set of more difficult
language understanding tasks.

Installation
------------

To use this tutorial you will need to:

1. Install python dependencies for this tutorial.

.. code:: bash

  pip install -r requirements.txt

2. Download the SuperGLUE and other datasets (e.g., SWAG_) used in the tutorial to the local directory.

.. code:: bash
  bash download_data.sh [DATA]

3. Run the SuperGLUE task with the following command, where `TASK` is one of `cb`, `copa`, `multirc`, `rte`, `wic`, `wsc` and external task for pretraining (e.g., `swag`).

.. code:: bash 

  bash run_superglue.sh [TASK] [DATA] [SEED] [GPU_ID]
  
Note that due to small validation sets and evidence of overfitting to the validation set on some of the tasks (CB, COPA, and WiC), we also recommend using cross-validation on these tasks. For each, we ran k-fold cross-validation with a value of k that would result in a validation set of approximately the same size as the original provided split.

Acknowledgements
----------------

Much of the code in this tutorial was adapted from the jiant_. We thank all authors to provide these available online.

.. _Emmental: https://github.com/SenWu/emmental
.. _jiant: https://github.com/jsalt18-sentence-repl/jiant
.. _SWAG: https://github.com/rowanz/swagaf

Commit message:

update README with pretraining info

superglue/README.rst, after:

SuperGLUE
=========

In this advanced tutorial, we will build an Emmental_ application to tackle the
SuperGLUE, a new benchmark styled after GLUE with a new set of more difficult
language understanding tasks.

Installation
------------

To use this tutorial you will need to:

1. Install python dependencies for this tutorial.

.. code:: bash

  pip install -r requirements.txt

2. Download the SuperGLUE and other datasets (e.g., SWAG_) used in the tutorial to the local directory.

.. code:: bash
  bash download_data.sh [DATA]

3. Run the SuperGLUE task with the following command, where `TASK` is one of `cb`, `copa`, `multirc`, `rte`, `wic`, `wsc` and external task for pretraining (e.g., `swag`).

.. code:: bash 

  bash run_superglue.sh [TASK] [DATA] [SEED] [GPU_ID]

Pretraining [Optional]
----------------------
We use pretrained model to improve model perfromance, for example we use `MNLI` model from `GLUE tutorial <../glue/>`_ for `RTE` and `CB` task, and use `SWAG` model to improve `COPA` task. To get the pretrained model, you can train `MNLI` follow GLUE tutorial and `SWAG` in this tutorial.


Note that due to small validation sets and evidence of overfitting to the validation set on some of the tasks (CB, COPA, and WiC), we also recommend using cross-validation on these tasks. For each, we ran k-fold cross-validation with a value of k that would result in a validation set of approximately the same size as the original provided split.

Acknowledgements
----------------

Much of the code in this tutorial was adapted from the jiant_. We thank all authors to provide these available online.

.. _Emmental: https://github.com/SenWu/emmental
.. _jiant: https://github.com/jsalt18-sentence-repl/jiant
.. _SWAG: https://github.com/rowanz/swagaf
